Fill doctrine/persistence bridge documentation (#142)
yokai-php/batch-src: docs/docs/bridges/doctrine-persistence.rst

Bridge with ``doctrine/persistence``
============================================================

> See `official documentation <https://www.doctrine-project.org/projects/persistence.html>`__ on Doctrine's website.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to the  `official documentation <https://www.doctrine-project.org/projects/persistence.html>`__ on Doctrine's website.
```

Object item writer
------------------------------------------------------------

| The writer will persist every items on the appropriate ``ObjectManager``.
| It expect that items are objects.

> | Objects can be on different ``ObjectManager``, only encountered ones will be flushed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|  Objects can belong to different ``ObjectManager`` instances, only the encountered ones will be flushed.
```

> ``ObjectManager->flush()`` is called every time the ``ItemJob`` hit the batch size.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``ObjectManager->flush()`` is called every time the ``ItemJob`` reaches the batch size.
```
